Add checklist item for JENKINS_VERSION verification in packaging profile (#900)
jenkins-infra/release: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-lts-release-checklist.md

- [ ] Check with the Jenkins Infrastructure team that backports on repositories [jenkinsci/packaging](https://github.com/jenkinsci/packaging), [jenkinsci/docker](https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker) and [jenkins-infra/release](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/release) are completed and merged.
  - A message two days prior to the release in the Matrix channel `#jenkins-infra` mentioning this issue and this item is enough

> - [ ] Ensure `JENKINS_VERSION` is correct in the packaging profile: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/release/blob/stable-2.xxx/profile.d/stable

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ensure `JENKINS_VERSION` is updated to the proper version in the packaging profile: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/release/blob/stable-2.xxx/profile.d/stable
```
